Feat.: uber image add default app for local storage. (#456)
microsoft/HydraLab: README.md

Enjoy starting your journey of exploration!

> **Step 4. try the test procedure with simple setup**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4. Perform the test procedure with a minimal setup**
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8344245/233918060-bd1425b7-2a5a-4e50-bf4b-db7fe57ec5a6.png)

Author: Applied, thx

> Note: Uber image now only provides the **Espresso/Instrumentation test** feature for Android, please refer to the links within "User manual" section of this page for more features: [Hydra Lab Wikis](https://github.com/microsoft/HydraLab/wiki).

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8344245/233918348-344fd347-cf41-4bd3-b6ac-c874a9eba52e.png)

Note: For Android, Uber image only supports Espresso/Instrumentation test. See “User manual” section on this page for more features.

Author: Applied, thx

    - [record_androidTest.apk](https://github.com/microsoft/HydraLab/tree/main/common/src/main/resources/record_androidTest.apk): the test app with tests included.
- Go to the front-end page, click the `Runner` tab on the left navigator.
- Click `Upload` button on the right top corner.
- For the `APK/IPA FILE` field, select the downloaded `record_release.apk` file.
- For the `TEST APK/JAR/JSON FILE` field, select the downloaded `record_androidTest.apk` file.
- Click `Upload` button to upload the apps.
- Wait for the upload process to finish, then you can follow the same steps of `1.` to run the test.

Notice: 
- The existing package record in the page is preset only for LOCAL storage usage, and running directly with that record would lead to error. 
- You need to upload the package again if you are using your own storage service.
- Multiple storage types are not allowed to be used together in one service, and this specific situation is happening only in Uber image where context and database has been predefined assuming default storage type is LOCAL for onboarding users.

> 

Reviewer: Could you use new bing or chatGPT to optimize the wording of this write-up?

Author: Optimized with GPT
